---
keywords: fastai
description: Notes on Program Design and Development
title: 1.3 Notes
toc: true 
badges: true
comments: true
sticky_rank: 1
author: Haeryn Yu
image: images/diagram.png
categories: [fastpages, jupyter, notes, week6]
nb_path: _notebooks/2022-09-26-1.3-Notes.ipynb
layout: notebook
---

<!--
#################################################
### THIS FILE WAS AUTOGENERATED! DO NOT EDIT! ###
#################################################
# file to edit: _notebooks/2022-09-26-1.3-Notes.ipynb
-->

<div class="container" id="notebook-container">
        
<div class="cell border-box-sizing text_cell rendered"><div class="inner_cell">
<div class="text_cell_render border-box-sizing rendered_html">
<h1 id="Video-1-3">Video 1-3<a class="anchor-link" href="#Video-1-3"> </a></h1><h2 id="Learning-Objectives">Learning Objectives<a class="anchor-link" href="#Learning-Objectives"> </a></h2><ul>
<li>Develop a program using a development process</li>
<li>Design a program and its user interface</li>
</ul>
<h2 id="Essential-Knowledge">Essential Knowledge<a class="anchor-link" href="#Essential-Knowledge"> </a></h2><ul>
<li>A development process can be ordered and intentional or exploratory in nature</li>
<li>There are multiple development processes. The following phrases are commonly used when developing a program:<ul>
<li>investigating and reflecting</li>
<li>designing </li>
<li>prototyping</li>
<li>testing</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>A development process that is iterative requires refinement and revision based on feedback, testing, or reflection throughout the process. This may require revisiting earlier phrases of the process. </li>
<li>A development process that is incremental is one that breaks the problem into smaller pieces and makes sure each piece works before adding it to the whole.</li>
<li>The design of a program incorporates investigation to determine its requirements.</li>
<li>Investigation ina  development process is useful for understanding and identifying the program constraints, as well as the concerns and interests of the people who will use the program.</li>
<li>Some ways investigation can be performed are as follows:<ul>
<li>collecting data through surveys </li>
<li>user testing</li>
<li>interviews</li>
<li>direct observations</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Program requirements describe how a program functions and may include a description of user interactions that a program must provide.</li>
<li>A program's specification defines the requirements for the program</li>
<li>In a development process, the design phase outlines how to accomplish a given program specification</li>
<li>The design phase of a program may include:<ul>
<li>brainstorming</li>
<li>planning and storyboarding</li>
<li>organizing the program into modules and functional components</li>
<li>creation of diagrams that represent the layouts of the user interface</li>
<li>development of a testing strategy for the programs</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<h2 id="How-is-a-program-developed?">How is a program developed?<a class="anchor-link" href="#How-is-a-program-developed?"> </a></h2><p>It all starts with an idea.</p>
<ul>
<li>Programs are developed with a specific purpose in mind</li>
<li>Developers follow specific steps and stick to their plan</li>
<li>Sometimes the development is more exploratory than anything, and the steps are dictated by what happens<ul>
<li>Think about early AI projects, like personal assistants</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>Developers start investigating the problem/purpose and reflect<ul>
<li>Investigation is an important step in the process</li>
<li>They must:<ul>
<li>determine the requirements of the program</li>
<li>understand the constraints</li>
<li>understand the user concerns and interests</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>They investigate through surveys, user testing, interviews, direct observation </li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>

</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
 

